fix: add kustomize rollback to 1.56.0 rn (#608)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/release-notes/1.56.0.md

{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}

> * Rolled back the version of Kustomize from 3.10.0 to 3.8.10 to fix errors related to duplicate YAML keys.

Reviewer: * Reverted the version of Kustomize from 3.10.0 to 3.8.10 to fix errors related to duplicate YAML keys.

Reviewer 2: I'm partial to rolled back in this case.

> * Rolled back the version of Kustomize from 3.10.0 to 3.8.10 to fix errors related to duplicate YAML keys.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* To fix errors related to duplicate YAML keys, the version of Kustomize was reverted to 3.8.10 from 3.10.0.
```

Reviewer 3: That's my suggestion, I also prefer Reverted.
